c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\ShootingGame.exe
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\ShootingGame.pdb
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\obj\x86\Debug\ShootingGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\obj\x86\Debug\ShootingGame.exe
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\obj\x86\Debug\ShootingGame.pdb
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\pirateShip.png
c:\users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\boot.png
C:\Users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\kanonkula2.png
C:\Users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\EnemyBullet.png
C:\Users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\healthbar.png
C:\Users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\helicopter2.png
C:\Users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\playerScore.xnb
C:\Users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\playerScore
C:\Users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\highscoreBtn.png
C:\Users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\mainMenu.png
C:\Users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\playBtn.png
C:\Users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\QuitBtn.png
C:\Users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\highscore.png
C:\Users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\name.png
C:\Users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\nameEnter.xnb
C:\Users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\nameEnter
C:\Users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\done.png
C:\Users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\fontScore.xnb
C:\Users\albinarvidsson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShootingGame\ShootingGame\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\fontScore
